[roaring]
Crocodine; do you think you
have enough strength left
to throw me all
the way up there?
What?
Unless you can fly
I don't think you'll make much
of a difference, Hyunckel.
I know that.
Crocodine: Then why?
The same reason as you.
Tell me. What kind of
a man would watch someone
risk his life like
that and do nothing?
Right.
Crocodine: Ready?
Not yet. The timing
is everything.
[pained grunt]
It's all over!
Do it now!
[roaring]
[battle cry]
You human filth!
Baran: Your pitiful
attacks won't work.
There, Dai - try
using that sword!
It's not as
strong as Baran's,
but it's still a
Legendary Dark Blade.
How clever. But no one
can trick the great Baran.
Crocodine: Hyunckel,
are you all right?
Merle: Hold on.
I'll heal you!
Hyunckel [thought]:
Dai - finish it quickly.
Not even the Dark Armor Blade
can endure your
power for long.
Alright. This'll work.
Baran: [chuckling]
I could feel it the moment
that our blades crossed.
That weapon isn't nearly as
strong as my Demon Dragon Blade.
Baran: I'll shatter
it in a single blow...
using my ultimate
attack, Gigabreak.
Dai: I don't think you
have the energy left for it.
Dai: The spell you
just used was Zapple!
That's it...
You don't have
enough Magic Power left
to cast anything else.
And without that...
We're sure to win!
Baran: Zapple...
With all my power...
Master Avan's attack...
Hyunckel's blade...
Baran [thought]: All his
power is in that sword.
Dai: Finally...
with all my memories
that Popp restored...
and the strength
that they give me.
You won't stand a chance!
Silence!
[roaring]
Merle: Why aren't
they using their swords?
Hyunckel: Because
they both think that
their next move
will be their last.
And they're right.
Just one mistake and
it could all be over.
Merle [thought]:
Good luck, Dai.
And Popp, too.
Leona [thought]:
It's no good.
He's not responding
to my Zing spell.
At this rate...
Oh, please...
Come back to us, Popp.
So, uh, what...
happened to me?
Did I really die back there?
Well, obviously...
I did use Megante.
But that means!
Where's Baran?!
He's not here...
So, if this is the afterlife,
did he go to a
different one or something?
Gomechan: Popp... Popp!
Who's there?
Gomechan: It's me!
Popp: Gomechan?!
Well, duh, Popp!
Huh, what do you know?
Gomechan's talking.
I guess anything's
possible in this place.
Wait, does that mean
you're dead as well?
Gomechan: Popp,
don't go that way.
You'll enter
the Land of the Dead
and there's no going back
once you've gone in there!
Huh? Well, now
that you mention it,
my feet keep moving and...
I can't stop them.
Come on! Get a grip, dummy.
You're not going to just
give up and die, are you?
We've already come all this
way together, haven't we?
And if you do die, then
I don't know what I... I...
Gomechan: [crying]
Hey, I'm sorry, Gomechan,
but it is all over for me now.
Honestly, it's a miracle
I survived this long.
My strength could
only take me so far.
But, Popp... I...
Stupid Popp. You weakling!
W-What?!
[pained yell]
He fell for it.
Gomechan: I hate you, Popp.
You haven't even managed
to avenge Master Avan,
and now you're
just giving up?
You're pathetic.
Why, you little...
I'm not letting a crybaby like
you call me pathetic, alright?!
You hear me? I tried
as hard as I could!
You liar!
Baran: You're
still a child...
You don't have my years
of experience in battle.
Gomechan: Dai's out there.
And he's all alone
in that fight!
Gomechan: But you...
you're abandoning him.
It's pathetic.
You're a coward!
[pained yell]
Popp: Watch your mouth,
you stupid Slime.
Huh?
Popp: I... I may be dead,
but I'll... I'll...
Baran: This is the end.
Fall to my Gigabreak!
Popp: I...
I will never...
abandon... Dai!
Baran [thought]: Impossible!
How did he cast a spell?!
Dai: Now!
Avan Strash!
[roaring]
[pained yell]
It... It's a draw?!
Dai!
He's alive.
Oh!
Dai...
Thanks, Merle.
Are you all right?
Dai: Yeah, and it's all
thanks to you guys. I owe you.
The blade disintegrated!
It's blade and hilt
have been reduced to dust.
Even with it's
magical properties,
it can never be restored.
So the Dark
Blade... is no more.
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry. Your
life is more valuable.
Thanks, Hyunckel.
Wait a second. Where's Popp?
Don't worry. He should be
all right as well!
No, he's...
Leona?
It's too late...
I can't raise him.
That's impossible.
I mean, he just...
It's true! He cast
a spell, didn't he?
l really don't understand
why that happened...
But still, my Zing spell
just wouldn't work on him.
I'm sorry. I guess
I wasn't strong enough.
N-No...
It can't... be true.
Dai: Please...
Please, open your eyes.
Popp...
Popp!
[shocked gasps]
Baran?!
Don't bother bluffing.
I know for a fact that you don't
have a single ounce of strength
in your body left to summon.
Baran: I don't either.
Baran [thought]: His heart
has definitely stopped.
So, then... how?
Did the emotional bond to his
comrades really cause something
so powerful to
stir inside of him?
Is such a miracle possible?
Baran [thought]: How ironic.
The power of Dragons,
magic of Darklings,
and the heart of a human.
Of all three gifts bestowed
upon a Dragon Knight,
for the human heart - the one
I thought was worthless...
For it to deal me
such a crushing blow...
What are you doing?
Baran: Dino, I have
nothing left to say.
Follow the path that you
believe is the right one.
However, this world won't
hold two Dragon Knights.
Once my blade is restored
and my wounds have healed...
then we shall settle this.
You'll return to
the Dark Army?
No longer will I
fight for their cause.
If you are able
to defeat me,
go on and destroy them
for the sake of your kind.
But if I defeat you instead...
then I will wipe
out all of humanity!
How can you still say that?!
It's too late
to change my ways.
I've lived too
long like this.
You stubborn old man!
Baran: Say what you will.
Leona: [amazed breath]
Popp...
Leona: He has a pulse.
He's alive again!
But how?
Baran: The boy is
tougher than he looks.
D-Did you...
Baran: This is the
first and last time
I offer a gift to an enemy.
When we meet again,
I won't hold back.
Dino - no...
Dai...
Baran: You've been warned.
Hyunckel [thought]: Baran has
reconnected to his human heart.
That's why, to
atone for his sins,
he wants his own
son to finish him.
He truly is tragically
powerful, but forever alone.
Hadlar: It's the worst
possible outcome.
Baran survived and Dai's powers
have become even stronger.
At this rate,
I'll... I'll...
Mystvearn: Commander Hadlar?
King Vearn summons you.
Vearn: Hadlar,
raise your head.
What's wrong? I said rise.
Hadlar: I beg for
forgiveness, King Vearn.
As his superior, Baran's
failure is my responsibility.
When he returns,
I shall make sure to...
Vearn: Enough.
Vearn: Baran will
likely never return.
Considering
his past behavior,
I doubt he'll do anything
unless it involves the boy.
The real failure,
and your crime,
was hiding Dai's Dragon
Knight lineage from even me!
Killvearn: [smug chuckle]
Vearn: This mess is the result
of your petty little games.
Baran is the only
being in the world
who has the power
to resist me.
Convincing him to
become an ally of mine
was not an easy task, so...
I'll say it once more.
Raise your head.
Vearn: I am a tolerant man.
I will forgive up
to three failures.
Vearn: First... you've cost us
the Romos and Papnica Kingdoms,
and allowed two of
our Legion Commanders
to join the other side.
Vearn: Then on Valge Island...
despite leading an entire army,
you failed to kill the boy.
Hadlar: [panicked breathing]
Vearn: And now, this
incident with Baran...
Vearn: However...
I have not forgotten that it was
you who defeated the Hero, Avan.
Hadlar, this is
your last chance.
When you next
appear before me,
if you still haven't wiped out
Dai and his bothersome allies,
my patience will run out.
Do you understand me?
Y-Yes. I shall stake
my life upon it, my king!
Vearn: Very well. Begone.
Hadlar: Your Majesty.
Killvearn: Shouldn't
we just kill him, sire?
Vearn: I have given
him the ultimate body.
If he cannot win, then
the weakness is in his mind.
Driven to desperation, he may
actually prove his worth.
We can kill him anytime.
Killvearn: Amazing, King Vearn.
You've thought of everything.
Pure genius, King Vearn.
Vearn: So...
Let us sit back and enjoy
the final charge
of the Hadlar Legion.
Narrator: Weary after
their latest battle,
Dai and his friends
regroup at Merle's cabin,
but the Dark Army
offers no rest.
Hadlar is desperate not to waste
King Vearn's final chance,
and enlists Zaboera's wiles to
plot destruction for our heroes,
but will they succeed?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Zaboera's Scheme."